[FIX] Move `rawdata/` into `sourcedata/raw` in alternative structure example, clarify on naming of datasets themselves (#1741)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/common-principles.md

instead of specified with an `n/a` value, or included as an empty file
(for example an empty `events.tsv` file with only the headers included).

## Dataset naming

BIDS does not prescribe a particular naming scheme for directories containing individual BIDS datasets.

> However, it is RECOMMENDED to use a short descriptive name that reflects the content of the dataset, avoid spaces in the name, and use hyphens to separate words.

Reviewer: RECOMMENDED implies a warning. I would remove this line, unless you want to add a validator rule.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer: It is our goal. It is more true in the schema validator than in the legacy validator.

Author: So -- I would not mind having  validator support for that.
Also I could use the "trick" you suggested below instead for now
```suggestion
However, we suggest to use a short descriptive name that reflects the content of the dataset, avoid spaces in the name, and use hyphens to separate words.
```

;-)  but I do not think we actually want to introduce such a new non-standardized notion as "we suggest" (here or below), do we ?

Reviewer: Right, I don't really like these unenforceable recommendations. It makes it unclear what's spec and what's not.

Author: to me it is more of using an established in common principles terminology (REQUIRED, RECOMMENDED, OPTIONAL). In there `REQUIRED` and `OPTIONAL` are really two opposite ends pertinent to what spec mandates or allows for. RECOMMENDED also semantically means to me advisory similar to "we suggest" and does not necessarily imply that it is part of the specification "mandate".  But I am ok also to make it e.g. lowercase to somewhat emphasize that it is really not the RECOMMENDED as part of the specification. WDYT?

  ```suggestion
However, it is recommended to use a short descriptive name that reflects the content of the dataset, avoid spaces in the name, and use hyphens to separate words.
```

Reviewer: That would be fine with me. Do we care about "hyphens" being overly restrictive, or are we okay leaving it to people's judgment? I often use underscores as well when naming directories.

source data (such as the raw event logs or parameter files, before conversion to BIDS).
However, in the case that these data are to be included:

1.  These data MUST be kept in separate `sourcedata` directory.

>     BIDS does not prescribe a particular naming scheme for source data.
>     But it is RECOMMENDED for it to follow BIDS naming convention where possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    BIDS does not prescribe a particular naming scheme for source data,
    but we suggest following BIDS naming conventions to the extent possible.
```

Author: per  discussion [above](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/1741/files#r1568910761)

```suggestion
    BIDS does not prescribe a particular naming scheme for source data.
    But it is recommended for it to follow BIDS naming convention where possible.
```
to be committed along when we converge in suggestions

>     BIDS does not prescribe a particular naming scheme for source data.
>     But it is recommended for it to follow BIDS naming convention where possible.

Reviewer: Grammar nitpick.

```suggestion
    BIDS does not prescribe a particular naming scheme for source data,
    but it is recommended for it to follow BIDS naming convention where possible.
```

-->
{{ MACROS___make_filetree_example(
    {
    "my_project-1": {
        "sourcedata": {
            "dicoms": {},
            "raw": {
                "sub-01": {},
                "sub-02": {},
                "...": "",
                "dataset_description.json": "",
				"...": "",
            },
            "..." : "",
        },
        "derivatives": {
            "pipeline_1": {},
            "pipeline_2": {},
            "...": "",
        }
    }
   }
) }}

In this example, `sourcedata/dicoms` is not nested inside
`sourcedata/raw`, **and only the `sourcedata/raw` subdirectory** is a BIDS-compliant dataset among `sourcedata/` subfolders.
The subdirectories of `derivatives` MAY be BIDS-compliant derivatives datasets
(see [Non-compliant derivatives](#non-compliant-derivatives) for further discussion).

> The above example is just a convention useful for organizing source, raw BIDS, and derived BIDS data while maintaining BIDS compliance of the raw data directory.

Reviewer: Couldn't this line could equally apply to the original structure? If this is enough to relieve the confusion, why not just do this and 

```diff
-In this example, where `sourcedata` and `derivatives` are not nested inside
-`rawdata`, **only the `rawdata` subdirectory** needs to be a BIDS-compliant
-dataset.
+In this example, `sourcedata` is not nested inside `rawdata`,
+**and only the `rawdata` subdirectory** is a BIDS-compliant dataset.
```

above?

Sorry to be really belaboring this, but I feel like a lot of effort is going into a minor clarification, and someone who notices this change is going to have to spend effort to understand that it's purely superficial.

Author: Yes, correct **but** my main problem with the original formulation is that we were suggesting something  which is **not** BIDS-compliant if adopted within a BIDS dataset, and context is not entirely clear here that we are not talking about a BIDS dataset. And if it is such a great idea to have `rawdata/` then why BIDS itself doesn't have it?

I agreed to remove `dataset_description.json` (which IMHO would have immediately made it "legit" according to spec, not validator, BIDS dataset), but I would like to preserve this adjusted recommended structure since if adopted within a BIDS dataset, it would remain legit, thus we are not somewhat misguiding a reader suggesting that `rawdata/` subdirectory is a legit way to describe BIDS-compliant dataset *within* a BIDS dataset.
